options: 
{
    "mode": "test",
    "resume_file": "checkpoint.pth.tar",
    "exp": "pose",
    "trans_style": 0,
    "continue_exp": null,
    "epoch": "0"
}
config: 
{
    "pos_model": "../AuxData/langModel/lm_bestmodel_pos",
    "expPath": "./exp/pose",
    "crit": {
        "use_lang_model": 1,
        "wordDict": "../AuxData/wordDict"
    },
    "model": {
        "rnn_cell": "gru",
        "dropout_p": 0,
        "bidirectional": 1,
        "wordDict": "../AuxData/wordDict",
        "style_size": 100,
        "embedding": "../AuxData/word2vec.npy",
        "hidden_size": 512,
        "input_dropout_p": 0,
        "n_layers": 1
    },
    "LmPath": "../AuxData/langModel",
    "evaluator": {
        "use_lang_model": 1,
        "wordDict": "../AuxData/wordDict"
    },
    "trainer": {
        "lm_lr": 0.01,
        "lr": 0.0001
    },
    "metric": {
        "ref_file": "../Data/yelp/reference",
        "classifier_weight_path": "./exp/classifier"
    },
    "neg_model": "../AuxData/langModel/lm_bestmodel_neg",
    "loader": {
        "batchSize": 64,
        "trainFile": "../Data/yelp/sentiment.train",
        "posStyleDict": "../AuxData/pos_style_count",
        "isTrans": 0,
        "wordDict": "../AuxData/wordDict",
        "devFile": "../Data/yelp/sentiment.trainsmall",
        "selfatt": "../AuxData/selfatt.pt",
        "testFile": "../Data/yelp/sentiment.test",
        "negStyleDict": "../AuxData/neg_style_count",
        "useNoise": 1
    },
    "lang_model": {
        "rnn_cell": "gru",
        "dropout_p": 0,
        "bidirectional": 0,
        "wordDict": "../AuxData/wordDict",
        "style_size": 100,
        "embedding": "../AuxData/word2vec.npy",
        "hidden_size": 512,
        "input_dropout_p": 0,
        "n_layers": 1
    }
}
crit...
Language model...
Language model...
Loading language models.
=> Reloading checkpoint '../AuxData/langModel/lm_bestmodel_pos.pth.tar': model
=> Reloading checkpoint '../AuxData/langModel/lm_bestmodel_neg.pth.tar': model
=> Reloading checkpoint './exp/classifier/selfatt.pt': model
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool . 20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow . `` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place . absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place . absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .
actually , just keep walking . actually , just keep walking .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything . all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ? also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards . also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service ! always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there . always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
an old dude did my pedicure . an old dude did my pedicure .
and for this reason , i wo n't return . and for this reason , i wo n't return .
and management does n't do anything about it . and management does n't do anything about it .
and the cleaning is way over priced . and the cleaning is way over priced .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations . and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful . and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
anything they say , ask in writing . anything they say , ask in writing .
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location . anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
as for the food , never had it . as for the food , never had it .
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh . as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much . ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .
avoid if at all possible . avoid if at all possible .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit . bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means . blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver . bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up . built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one . but i darn sure could have cooked this one .
but it probably sucks too ! but it probably sucks too !
but it was disgusting and hot in there . but it was disgusting and hot in there .
but let this story begin at noon today . but let this story begin at noon today .
but the customer service ruins it all for me . but the customer service ruins it all for me .
but their inventory was questionable ! but their inventory was questionable !
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out . but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good . chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor . crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift ! definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
desert followed but nothing special . desert followed but nothing special .
did n't even get a response . did n't even get a response .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu . did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
did n't seem to care about their job . did n't seem to care about their job .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ? did they not have a fountain machine on site ?
do n't waste the trip . do n't waste the trip .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food . do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
do not go to this practice they are horrible ! do not go to this practice they are horrible !
do not sign a lease with these people . do not sign a lease with these people .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes . dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world . either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill . even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
even the water tasted horrible . even the water tasted horrible .
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse . ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps . exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp . finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole . first , the bartender was an a -- hole .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places . firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu . food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs . food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning ! for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage . found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold . french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu . furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... . geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers ! great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient . had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' . had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
had to returned one entree because too cold . had to returned one entree because too cold .
had to wait a month to get in . had to wait a month to get in .
half of my head was over processed . half of my head was over processed .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though . he could n't actually read her pressure , though .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in . he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .
he did not return my call either . he did not return my call either .
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy . his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me . hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .
horrible , horrible , horrible service ! horrible , horrible , horrible service !
horrible job on nails and toes . horrible job on nails and toes .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed . however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would . however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up . however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this . however , the tech said nothing to me about this .
however , this experience went pretty smooth . however , this experience went pretty smooth .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon . i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced . i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants . i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
i 'm not willing to take the chance . i 'm not willing to take the chance .
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles ! i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day . i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night . i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill . i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online . i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice . i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is . i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off . i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good . i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
i did n't even eat it . i did n't even eat it .
i did n't know ra was a chain . i did n't know ra was a chain .
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer . i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .
i do not like the size of the dance floor . i do not like the size of the dance floor .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed . i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks . i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
i dont know why i was expecting anything different . i dont know why i was expecting anything different .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care . i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .
i expected so much better from this ny staple . i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days . i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices . i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations . i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back . i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back . i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call . i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before . i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .
i have to say i was truly disappointed . i have to say i was truly disappointed .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied ! i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money . i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain . i just walked out , called the manager to complain .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again . i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .
i looked around and there were still customers . i looked around and there were still customers .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work . i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant . i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
i mean that 's been my experience ! i mean that 's been my experience !
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken . i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables . i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality . i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool . i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners . i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining . i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer . i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are . i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way . i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .
i tried to call repeatedly with no response . i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .
i tried to no avail . i tried to call repeatedly with no response .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment . i tried to no avail .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off . i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me . i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place . i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
i was very disappointed with this place . i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
i was very sick the night after . i was very disappointed with this place .
i went to sit down and wait for my order . i was very sick the night after .
i will never purchase another lv bag again . i went to sit down and wait for my order .
i will never visit the salon again . i will never purchase another lv bag again .
i would n't go back there again . i will never visit the salon again .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here . i would n't go back there again .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy . i would never reccomend anyone to live here .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself ! i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out . if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot . if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel . if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck . if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me . if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor . in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee . in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon . included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ? incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
is zero stars an option ? is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
it 's just too expensive for what you get . is zero stars an option ?
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing . it 's just too expensive for what you get .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful . it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
it did n't get finished . it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times . it did n't get finished .
it does not take that long to cook sliders ! it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .
it is also quite expensive for my taste . it does not take that long to cook sliders !
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either . it is also quite expensive for my taste .
it is not really brown rice . it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley . it is not really brown rice .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve ! it is the absolute worse place in the valley .
it looks old and outdated . it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait . it looks old and outdated .
it shows that this restaurant has no class . it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency . it shows that this restaurant has no class .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed . it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it was my last weekend visiting my folks . it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
it was over fried and very hard . it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there . it was over fried and very hard .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ? it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .
its also not a very clean park . it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one . its also not a very clean park .
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated . just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
just left and took it off the bill . just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
just terrible is all i can say . just left and took it off the bill .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled . just terrible is all i can say .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh . just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy ! lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .
liar , liar , pants on fire . let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
like it 's been in a fridge for a week . liar , liar , pants on fire .
lost a long time customer ! like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
management does not seem to care . lost a long time customer !
management no longer cares about the golf experience . management does not seem to care .
maria the manager is a horrible person . management no longer cares about the golf experience .
maybe they were having a bad night ? maria the manager is a horrible person .
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer . maybe they were having a bad night ?
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless . meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery . moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess . my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
my groupon is only for the two windows . my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order . my groupon is only for the two windows .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking . my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box . my jack and coke was seriously lacking .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce . my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw . my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job . my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats . my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely . my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving . my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again . needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details . needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret . new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high . next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
no courtesy and their food is pathetic . no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
no massage with my manicure or pedicure . no courtesy and their food is pathetic .
no stars is what in want to give . no massage with my manicure or pedicure .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley . no stars is what in want to give .
nope , way way worse . no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
not personalized or warm at all . nope , way way worse .
not so great food and service . not personalized or warm at all .
not so much these days . not so great food and service .
not sure and i do n't care ! not so much these days .
nothing that special about this place . not sure and i do n't care !
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place . nothing that special about this place .
now the food : not horrible , but below average . now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
oh , i should not have asked . now the food : not horrible , but below average .
oh well , who cares ... right ? oh , i should not have asked .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address . oh well , who cares ... right ?
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere . one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog . one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water . one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
other than that , food here is pretty gross . only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it . other than that , food here is pretty gross .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much . other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place . overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess . overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
pathetic place , worst food . parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge . pathetic place , worst food .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer . perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested . plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me . prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .
razz 's failed on every occasion . ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop . razz 's failed on every occasion .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again . sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on . sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy . safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner . safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
salsa is not hot or good . said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
save your money & your patience . salsa is not hot or good .
second time , not so good . save your money & your patience .
seriously though , i have never shopped here . second time , not so good .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits . seriously though , i have never shopped here .
service was a little slow to begin with . service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink . service was a little slow to begin with .
service was just as disappointing . service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting . service was just as disappointing .
she does n't say anything and just walks away . she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off . she does n't say anything and just walks away .
she said `` yes , sorry . '' she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes . she said `` yes , sorry . ''
she was getting pissed , and so were we . she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
she was not happy being there . she was getting pissed , and so were we .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi . she was not happy being there .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead ! simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery ! since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !
so , it went in the trash . sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there . so , it went in the trash .
so basically tasted watered down . so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
so disappointing from an old favorite . so basically tasted watered down .
so far i 'm not really impressed . so disappointing from an old favorite .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them . so far i 'm not really impressed .
so i asked for the card to be refunded . so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .
so i brought my business elsewhere . so i asked for the card to be refunded .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out . so i brought my business elsewhere .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs . so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
so sad but i am not going back any more . so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
so you are n't my problem . '' so sad but i am not going back any more .
sounds good does n't it ? so you are n't my problem . ''
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service . sounds good does n't it ?
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead . staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .
talk about false advertising so call before you go ! stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it . talk about false advertising so call before you go !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal . tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
the associates program is no longer an option . that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
the bathroom area is nothing special . the associates program is no longer an option .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found . the bathroom area is nothing special .
the beef taco was good but nothing special . the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable . the beef taco was good but nothing special .
the beer was nice and cold ! the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day . the beer was nice and cold !
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible . the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy . the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front . the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud . the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad . the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture . the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
the decor was seriously lacking . the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .
the dipping sauce was too sweet too . the decor was seriously lacking .
the door would n't open at all . the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty . the door would n't open at all .
the evening started out slow . the equipment is so old and looks dirty .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor . the evening started out slow .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered . the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
the food here is bland and boring and bad . the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible . the food here is bland and boring and bad .
the food is not that authentic . the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart . the food is not that authentic .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor . the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well . the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again . the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get . the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it . the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great . the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly . the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
the man did not stop her . the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual . the man did not stop her .
the new management team is horrible ! the mechanics are very amateur as usual .
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience . the new management team is horrible !
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef ! the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
the only saving grace was the black beans . the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert . the only saving grace was the black beans .
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee . the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry . the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
the overall prices are not competitive with frys . the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor . the overall prices are not competitive with frys .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years . the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out . the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
the problem is nothing was good . the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
the queen bed was horrible ! the problem is nothing was good .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible . the queen bed was horrible !
the restroom was a mess . the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland . the restroom was a mess .
the sales people here are terrible . the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .
the sandwich was not that great . the sales people here are terrible .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up . the sandwich was not that great .
the server was n't buying . the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average . the server was n't buying .
the staff was nowhere to be found . the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change . the staff was nowhere to be found .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer . the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong . the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy . the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .
the tow package is not an issue either . the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
the wine was very average and the food was even less . the tow package is not an issue either .
the woman who works in the deli is horrible . the wine was very average and the food was even less .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety . the woman who works in the deli is horrible .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it . their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
there are much better places for breakfast . then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
there are no smiles and no customer service . there are much better places for breakfast .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland . there are no smiles and no customer service .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly . there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue . there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out . there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
there was no personality to our server . there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
there was only meat and bread . there was no personality to our server .
these days the quality is pretty lousy . there was only meat and bread .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out . these days the quality is pretty lousy .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is . they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .
they can thank you for the low rating . they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed . they can thank you for the low rating .
they do not stock some of the most common parts . they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option . they do not stock some of the most common parts .
they make a bad name for used car dealers . they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating . they make a bad name for used car dealers .
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude . they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers . they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused . they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young . they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
this branch is getting worse and worse . they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine . this branch is getting worse and worse .
this is a horrible venue . this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
this is a terrible college . this is a horrible venue .
this is an old worn out hotel . this is a terrible college .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life . this is an old worn out hotel .
this is the reason i will never go back . this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice . this is the reason i will never go back .
this is the worst panda express location there is ! this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them . this is the worst panda express location there is !
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff . this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
this one is not on the ball . this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup . this one is not on the ball .
this place has pissed me off for the last time . this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
this place is a shit hole with shit service . this place has pissed me off for the last time .
this place is beyond a shit hole . this place is a shit hole with shit service .
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks ! this place is beyond a shit hole .
this place is just ok . this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !
this place smelt like old urine for some reason . this place is just ok .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke ! this place smelt like old urine for some reason .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with . this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress . this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut . this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude . this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary . this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
tonight i lost all respect for this company . three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers . tonight i lost all respect for this company .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer . too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it . too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .
two hours of my life i can never get back . took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it . two hours of my life i can never get back .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet . tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance . um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that . um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
unfortunately , it is the worst . uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts . unfortunately , it is the worst .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache . unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time . university is also almost as bad as living on apache .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place . very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
was n't busy , no biggie . very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath . was n't busy , no biggie .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times . we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant . we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure . we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings . we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .
we did n't leave with anything that day . we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left . we did n't leave with anything that day .
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service . we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this . we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server . we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait . we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow . we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
we will not be coming back . we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
we will not be using this location again . we will not be coming back .
we will spend our money elsewhere . we will not be using this location again .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years . we will spend our money elsewhere .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect . wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
went into this location to drop it off . went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation . went into this location to drop it off .
were we irritating her or something ? went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
what a waste of my time and theirs . were we irritating her or something ?
what the hell are you doing ? what a waste of my time and theirs .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ? what the hell are you doing ?
when i arrived , no one was at the desk . what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door . when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me . when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price . when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed . when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
when it came we should have sent it back . when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
when it finally came out , it was bad . when it came we should have sent it back .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her . when it finally came out , it was bad .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive ! when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me ! when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !
worst customer service i have ever had . will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
would have rated lower if i could . worst customer service i have ever had .
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything . would have rated lower if i could .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite . yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza . you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .
you can not judge people based on appearance . you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .
you can not pay me to ever shop here ! you can not judge people based on appearance .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale . you can not pay me to ever shop here !
