train: food is always amazing no matter what i order .
pred: not receive num_num for the order price no matter what i order .

train: they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .
pred: priced and arrived on friendly customer service though ! they were quick and helpful .

train: good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
pred: weapons , of parts and accessories and of games for the entire family .

train: the food is great here and very authentic .
pred: the game modes and very authentic .

train: great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
pred: gave off a metal vibe , gave off a metal vibe an authentic mexican cantina vibe .

train: this place offers solid , delicious take out .
pred: this place this will take out most num_extend the taste of this .

train: it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
pred: it 's and then release the and new flavors each time you go .

train: myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
pred: myself i purchased a few / friends have been going to them for

train: they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
pred: they 've added some new new characters are added , since in the software visit .

train: they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
pred: they have been very helpful and quick you they were num_num months old .

train: great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
pred: tvs games with multiple tvs and a lively toshiba .

train: all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
pred: hard to use and didn t see any improvement in condition of the compressed clothes are returned in sparkling in the waist

train: one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
pred: one of best the best belts i ve ever the best belts i ve ever 've ever had and reasonable prices .

train: the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
pred: the food was good i thought this bites and hummus but that s about all .

train: as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
pred: as far games i goes this ranks far as this base coat goes 've ever eaten .

train: really good service and food .
pred: really to food that tastes like food and food .

train: their sandwiches were really tasty .
pred: their it s a shame because really tasty .

train: always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
pred: atmosphere and very little else fun atmosphere and very little else atmosphere .

train: i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
pred: i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .

train: it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
pred: it was so never had to return anything ; i 've never i ve nothing but praise

train: definitely something i will have again !
pred: it is not something i will have definitely not something i

train: the california burrito was also a great burrito .
pred: my skin looked burrito was california and i burrito .

train: the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
pred: the woman who who wears a size num_extend today was very who wears a size num_extend .

train: the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
pred: the service was care of this item , food care of this item , and the value impeccable .

train: loved the menu and the drinks .
pred: loved the menu , quit that menu , open a different menu , equip the weapon .

train: pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
pred: pei wei has fair prices substance outdoor seating .

train: it was a great experience !
pred: it was my experience

train: his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .
pred: his humor an adventure game visit entertaining .

train: love this place and will keep coming back .
pred: have purchased it several times will the taste of this coffee .

train: we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
pred: we were sat right away and every staff he sat right extremely friendly he sat right .

train: will definitely go back and recommend to friends .
pred: i would not recommend this product back i would have definitely returned the game .

train: their small calzone is really gigantic !
pred: really gigantic and ugly , calzone is really gigantic

train: the food is also very good .
pred: also , the software is like the junk food of the fish food aisle .

train: the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .
pred: the worth the time and were also tasted and the churros sweet in a weird was also outstanding .

train: i highly recommend the ahi tuna .
pred: its the tuna .

train: she was so patient , kind and understanding .
pred: she was so patient , kind continued to use it .

train: heck , even the pizza is decent .
pred: heck , even a waste of money decent .

train: cooked to perfection and very flavorful .
pred: they were not very flavorful and very flavorful .

train: the crew was very friendly and accommodating .
pred: the crew was very accommodating .

train: the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
pred: the sushi here it the first thing the cucumber version and it does not burn and feels great .

train: if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
pred: if you are looking to walk out transformed for that , keep looking looking for a game !

train: she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
pred: she chose my skin that looks for my skin tone with my skin , too .

train: a great place to watch sports !
pred: a cheap , practical sports watch sports !

train: this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
pred: this cute from the east many years ago place in east chandler i got tastes more like .

train: the art in the alley behind it is cool too !
pred: the art in the alley behind going to be right up your

train: but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
pred: sony said take it to the shop in tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .

train: best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
pred: i product is not .

train: customer service was great there .
pred: customer service was amazon customer service is there .

train: fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
pred: fun mouse catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .

train: most delicious authentic chinese food !
pred: chinese i authentic game modes !

train: the chips and guacamole were excellent too !
pred: the chips were excellent the chocolate chips

train: this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .
pred: this place can t sit on it you can actually sit outside .

train: a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
pred: had to throw it away after spot to throw back a few had to throw it away after after a rough day .

train: i definitely recommend this place to others !
pred: i place to place and kill things place to others !

train: well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
pred: well the food for the dog of it was fast , and price was great .

train: i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !
pred: i took this might be your thing 's recommendation of the this might be your thing carolina and it was super !

train: super good deals and very friendly staff .
pred: super use and very friendly very friendly staff .

train: tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .
pred: tried their ever had this problem i tried this product out .

train: this place is edgy and fun .
pred: this place is place to place and kill things .

train: fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
pred: the problem with this seat is place to see a show as every seat seat !

train: she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
pred: she was thought she d what she

train: the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
pred: the going against the crowd on hour crowd here can be fun a younger .

train: very busy but very good service .
pred: very busy to keep my dog busy service .

train: best take out or eat in sushi !
pred: outside the take out or eat in in pocket or take out the !

train: i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
pred: played it from start to finish .

train: he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
pred: he still cares for his customers .

train: plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?
pred: plus he has with the original num_extend prices , the graphics look go ?

train: the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
pred: the staff the ball in on the ball .

train: all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
pred: all had that satisfying find this game flavor that washed down well with find this game .

train: i was a walk in and got helped right away !
pred: bought this on amazon and got helped type of game

train: if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
pred: if you sit in the bar you just sit in in town .

train: i highly recommend this shop .
pred: i i will shop this shop .

train: their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
pred: their staff is long an relatively informative the knowledgeable review written by m .

train: it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
pred: lots of fun , and really cool place , with lots recommend this game , try .

train: they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
pred: they are super friendly , jump amazingly return process

train: i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !
pred: looked great detailed here cheap and poorly

train: dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
pred: dr. hall is so kind and gentle .

train: i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
pred: i had to box it up huge box to return it in such a huge portion .

train: the food all looked great .
pred: looked like it would all looked fine and smells all right .

train: the menudo here is perfect .
pred: the menudo here t like about num_extend .

train: the crispy mango fish was very tasty .
pred: the first one i tried was the mango fish the mango .

train: now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
pred: now the food disclaimer : my mother bakes amazing fan of carbonated amazing .

train: the carne asada burrito is awesome !
pred: the no lift asada burrito i disliked the most

train: this is the perfect date night .
pred: this these as an date night .

train: nice selection of games to play .
pred: of games for the entire family of games games to play .

train: the grilled artichokes are wonderful !
pred: the i keep reading about how wonderful all three of them are wonderful !

train: the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
pred: the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate amazing to me how nothing like the consistency of .

train: fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
pred: fun is not the game for you enjoy and relax and enjoy time with friends this is not the game for you .

train: i loved it and will definitely be back !
pred: i loved it while it worked , but will be back !

train: got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
pred: got screwed at bar few of my very strong reservations reservations at next door .

train: very friendly staff and manager .
pred: very friendly staff and manager .

train: love my cut and color and sage is amazing !
pred: shoes were cut and color and sage

train: wide spectrum of ages and races .
pred: wide spectrum of sunscreen races .

train: had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
pred: had a blast my son had a at their restaurant was my son had a

train: at no cost - great service !
pred: product but great customer service - cost of $ i expected a

train: their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
pred: their and not very & and not very burrito was very very good and really big too .

train: blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
pred: blue corn this food is primarily corn with this food is primarily corn excellent .

train: plenty to eat and amazing flavor .
pred: in fact it was the only flavor i would eat of phones and plenty of .

train: i definitely will return to the roaring fork !
pred: i definitely will return to the roaring will have to return it

train: it will stay with you all day .
pred: day , but the it will not stay in , day .

train: the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
pred: the hummus is ridiculously it ll work for .

train: good place for a romantic dinner !
pred: if that weren t bad enough , sonic even has a romantic with a hint of !

train: the owner knows us and treats us very well !
pred: the distributed in us knows us and treats

train: i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
pred: i can honestly say say i do not like this will say i do not like this to az .

train: the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
pred: the green chile mac and s even worse was i wanted to like this

train: i highly recommend impact auto body .
pred: the only impact auto body .

train: great quality , great service .
pred: product but great customer service service .

train: and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
pred: and i get the gyro not at all .

train: i highly recommend this bakery !
pred: i i tried it for this bakery !

train: love their food and their passion .
pred: their grass is and their passion .

train: i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
pred: very talented salon and the very talented talented stylist , angel .

train: they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
pred: they have a t work many better choices at lovers !

train: reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
pred: so bottom line guaranteed .

train: homemade tortillas are so good !
pred: were healthy knife to cut homemade so good !

train: the prices were the best and worth it .
pred: the it is a worth it too much for the size .

train: amazing food , great service .
pred: amazing food returned it to amazon service .

train: this was the best i have ever had !
pred: this was the best i have thing about the order !

train: this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
pred: like a cheap scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .

train: i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
pred: to make fresh squeezed orange they your kid orange juice .

train: the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
pred: the octopus sashimi is my balls into

train: this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !
pred: every location a fantastic product that is teresa m !

train: i was pleased with their service .
pred: i was not worth it ! service .

train: you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
pred: you get so much for the price when fresh you get what you get for .

train: they are so fresh and yummy .
pred: they are i eat one every day they taste .

train: the salads were fresh and crispy .
pred: a healthy alternative , very crispy were these are ok .

train: the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pred: i always fluffy , the side of fruit my hair air dry .

train: pricing is both affordable and reasonable .
pred: pricing is both to eat this bag .

train: these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .
pred: these guys more honest and honest this game is not .

train: they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !
pred: they made me feel like i was they made me feel their they made me feel

train: sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
pred: sometimes it 's charges and other times it doesn it seems an more complicated color .

train: giving an extra star for customer service .
pred: this is great customer service and have added a star for customer service .

train: it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .
pred: it 's happiness , i just sweet happiness .

train: one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
pred: if i wanted chinese

train: always good after the river too .
pred: used this while camping for num_num days on the river too .

train: food good , a plate went a long way .
pred: food good play food went tried to heat up a way .

train: the service was great and would gladly go back .
pred: ask for my money back in the box they go back .

train: i love the pork tacos .
pred: i love the taste of this coffee not even a .

train: everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
pred: everyone is friendly @ all .

train: nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
pred: nothing but it is enough for me to question the thoughts from me to question the thoughts of sent their way !

train: enjoyed the dolly a lot .
pred: enjoyed the dolly enjoyed the taste of this product .

train: jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .
pred: jennifer hair makes skin care the skin care purchase i have .

train: this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
pred: this is a rare gem and a gem compared to this one .

train: this is pretty darn good pizza !
pred: this is made some perfect pizza and bread were huge

train: everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .
pred: tasting bar i ve ever 've ever ordered here this is the worst thing i .

train: it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
pred: thai kitchen most authentic thai in the valley .

train: great staff and wonderful food .
pred: the staff is not only not helpful food .

train: love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .
pred: love the mole sauce dead mole to show for the trouble .

train: go here , you will love it .
pred: go here , you will looking for a hat , here .

train: i loved the ribs more than the chicken .
pred: i loved the more than i did , more than the ribs .

train: staff and the ride were terrific .
pred: staff and the ride were returned .

train: also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
pred: also , we ordered a num_num and last time we brought nice and i was dogs for shots .

train: i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )
pred: i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy the box for the dragon )

train: for a local chain this place is great !
pred: like another reviewer said , this chain this place chain

train: this place reminds me of home !
pred: this place reminds me of

train: one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
pred: one of my regular spots in scottsdale .

train: i will definitely go here again !
pred: gameplay is boring , go

train: stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .
pred: stopped in for lunch box for me list wine be gone .

train: i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
pred: cd s clowns in the comic - family circus .

train: it is an international delight .
pred: it is an what a dissapointment and took it on an international .

train: it was just so cute and quaint !
pred: it was just years and i know the difference quaint !

train: i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
pred: clips along the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly clips along the .

train: the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .
pred: the atmosphere of this game is of this game is fun .

train: with that being said , i enjoyed the food .
pred: with that i ve actually enjoyed the food .

train: great food , great decor !
pred: it matched my red kitchen decor , great take with food and they have !

train: the food is always fresh .
pred: the food is like the junk food of the fish food aisle .

train: you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
pred: spend any amount of money and enjoy something better .

train: all of the food that i had was excellent .
pred: all of the food this food is all it had going for it .

train: so far , great customer service .
pred: product but great customer service at least they customer service .

train: rick is a seriously cool guy !
pred: rick seriously disappointed seriously cool guy seriously disappointed

train: we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .
pred: we ate here yesterday for i ate one while playing around on the computer yesterday .

train: that 's a rare find in a business .
pred: that 's a rare that i get acne .

train: it 's good solid food .
pred: it 's to food that tastes like food the graphics are good , .

train: nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
pred: however , the product arrived club good layout the average size , to above average shape .

train: we 'll certainly be back !
pred: i ll be going back to 'll hope it works back !

train: the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .
pred: the know why it is so amazing ( when they have it ) i ended up .

train: food here is also so good !
pred: i bought this because it had so many good reviews on here is also makes me not want

train: thank you amanda , i will be back !
pred: amanda , i costly for

train: i love their flavored coffee .
pred: flavored coffee , i their flavored coffee , i want it to taste flavored .

train: the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .
pred: the staff made us feel is not only not helpful .

train: the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
pred: , this is not it , this is not it from what i can tell is rather authentic .

train: i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
pred: i would recommend dentistry of tea coming from scottsdale , az .

train: my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
pred: a large num_extend a large num_extend my mothers engagement ring this xmas .

train: the best deals in the store are on these racks .
pred: the best deals from warehouse deals and of the game .

train: the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .
pred: the guys here is the incredibly strong scent .

train: will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
pred: will not sure that this back for sure

train: the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
pred: i will not get this product was fantastic although next time i will ask for a i will not get this product one .

train: great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
pred: when fresh have some the equivalent of donuts for cats donuts .

train: mustard beef ribs are a must .
pred: mustard beef ribs overpowers the .

train: i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !
pred: i had the they were not very flavorful once and it they were not very flavorful very flavorful !

train: i rate the experience as followed .
pred: i rate the experience as followed .

train: always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
pred: always order the you should get what you order sauce too bad when get !

train: my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .
pred: they were not very flavorful was very flavorful .

train: try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
pred: try anything on the menu the weapon end you will be !

train: bartender made a great dirty martini !
pred: bartender and occasionally have dirty and occasionally have !

train: omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !
pred: omg carlsbad tavern is and omg i am so

train: other than that , it 's great !
pred: other was great and no other it 's product

train: best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
pred: on my recent on my recent i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .

train: extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .
pred: extremely you kill wanted this to work , person .

train: it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
pred: it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is to food that tastes like food about as basic as basic gets .

train: food is very fresh and amazing !
pred: food is very know why it is so amazing they taste

train: the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
pred: the environment was it even worse the servers were friendly and on it even worse .

train: fish tacos were pretty good .
pred: don t get me wrong , they were the more nutrition .

train: absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !
pred: absolutely my dentist dentist best part of the game the east valley !

train: they are all very friendly .
pred: they are all very friendly .

train: he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
pred: he always looks won t play with it i pick him up !

train: i love italian and i eat here often .
pred: i eat here an insult to .

train: quality of food is fantastic .
pred: quality a fantastic product that is just not a good quality cat food .

train: the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
pred: the service service representative was very my experience i hope it was very nice and helpful .

train: the best bar in town .
pred: character looks bar in town .

train: they are always doing a good job .
pred: they are good job at all a good job .

train: russ was a well qualified tech .
pred: russ i cannot believe this have a blast tech .

train: when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
pred: when we get into town opened this game , first place we

train: thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .
pred: thank you will thank me if you do lunch with you will thank me if you do this .

train: they also are the best price in the area .
pred: they also a num_extend area in the area .

train: green chile chimis are fantastic .
pred: green more like a purse chimis more like a purse .

train: thanks for the perfect repair .
pred: for repair my hair repair .

train: casual atmosphere , upscale food .
pred: casual atmosphere , atmosphere and very little else .

train: had dinner here last night and it was great .
pred: had last night i had a major here last night and it was last night i had a major .

train: the marinara sauce is so flavorful .
pred: the the taste is sauce is shockingly light on cream and the consistency resembles more of a marinara sauce .

train: they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
pred: they are incredibly the fabric is accommodating .

train: the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
pred: other than that , the quality of the product is top notch at least their a bit of heaven .

train: it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
pred: it can be really isn t worth it is really worth it .

train: wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .
pred: the staff , wonderful food this wonderful product did for me prices .

train: portions n prices were great !
pred: and the products are well n prices were are really small for the price

train: every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
pred: every person enjoyed themselves and there was , only about % go for i ve nothing but praise entire group .

train: outstanding persian food not to mention service .
pred: this does not work on persian some from my local mention service .

train: thank you for a fabulous evening !
pred: used it this evening evening !

train: my daughter received great care .
pred: my daughter received my daughter received this toy as care .

train: thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
pred: thorough the bolt $ each , they are reasonably promptly .

train: they were very friendly and apologetic .
pred: they apologetic and apologetic .

train: the wine list was the best part .
pred: best part of the game list was wine be gone .

train: it 's a much better option than the club scene .
pred: it 's a mmorpg club scene .

train: i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
pred: i ordered the carne asada same results as it was first time to grill some steak

train: that comes with the smaller location though .
pred: that could be good or so quiet though location though .

train: fun place to go drink beer .
pred: fun still had the place .

train: it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !
pred: it is very very family oriented this group that this group

train: even the sides were great .
pred: even not great , and were extremely sharp on the sides .

train: she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
pred: she did cut quickly and did a good color and my cut !

train: the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
pred: truly disappointed and the facility game than accommodating .

train: totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
pred: have more time back next time i 'm in town .

train: he was both professional and courteous .
pred: he was prompt and courteous .

train: this course is one of the finest in the area .
pred: this course a num_extend area in the area .

train: if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
pred: if you 're you buy this thing thing stop by and check if you re good

train: i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .
pred: i enjoy coming here $ here , it works get box for me .

train: it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
pred: the last straw half a day trip it snapped in half on area .

train: love the vibe of this place !
pred: all plastic but gave off a metal vibe of this place gave off a metal vibe

train: the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
pred: the staff are side jobs friendly and on top of there is not user friendly @ all .

train: corn bread was also good !
pred: the sound quality was this food is primarily corn !

train: food super and well priced .
pred: food super and you want a super food , .

train: we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
pred: dvd s a group of eight months in , we really don t like this product .

train: the service has always been wonderful .
pred: to the return , always .

train: thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
pred: thanks of a costume for special night an event my hair .

train: i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .
pred: i had a spanish rice and it ruined it ! the taste was huge it ruined .

train: they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
pred: they have the big massage chairs and each this is the worst is fairly this is the worst .

train: the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !
pred: the staff is extremely is not only not helpful !

train: also , the food is great !
pred: also , the food

train: the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
pred: the color on my girlfriend 's hair for my girlfriend because she wanted .

train: it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
pred: the staff is always friendly .

train: friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .
pred: atmosphere and very little else welcoming with a fun atmosphere atmosphere and very little else food .

train: the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !
pred: the feel of the game is absolutely chimi i had was

train: it is also fun to sit at the bar .
pred: it is also fun also expensive for the bar .

train: the soup is absolutely to die for .
pred: the you die , is absolutely miso .

train: the best mexican food in the phoenix area .
pred: the last straw the last straw the phoenix area .

train: they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
pred: they this comb is , this comb is attentive to our needs .

train: their lunch special is a great value !
pred: their lunch special is a t anything special about it

train: our experience with this business was positive .
pred: i only wish my experience with this business .

train: the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
pred: the staff a lot more of location is right in the heart of is not only not helpful !

train: you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
pred: you have to sit outside for a raised from this place .

train: the food is delicious and plentiful .
pred: the food is like the junk food of the fish food aisle .

train: and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
pred: and the he would not he would not is absolutely scrumptious !

train: we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
pred: my truck and at truck stops and not a good location two weeks ago .

train: this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
pred: this this product is only last little this product is only what was already an amazing place .

train: prices are a tad high but worth it .
pred: prices are way too high for and the products are well it .

train: the message therapist is awesome also .
pred: the message therapist physical therapist recommended also .

train: came here with my family .
pred: came here with here looking for .

train: the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
pred: the thought it was my replied , i will thought it was my half with you .

train: the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .
pred: the escargot was delicious , and it s a shame because what i got before was delicious .

train: brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
pred: brittany gave and course haircut and and course me completely .

train: this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
pred: this resort for a box of scottsdale has been in service num_num knows service .

train: also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
pred: also the i was anxious to i was anxious to rule along with the spicy plum sauce .

train: i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
pred: i have gotten so many dresses at not what i expected of a steal , double steal ,

train: all around great place to grab a drink or two .
pred: put on some nachos or grab a drink or two .

train: the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
pred: the flourless chocolate the best belts i ve ever was one of the best belts i 've ever had .

train: beautiful scenery and friend staff .
pred: some of the scenery the scenery staff .

train: nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
pred: significantly more than the retail price list at 2x retail rather wine be gone typical 3x .

train: we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
pred: we loved to ship it back to sanyo in ca n't wait to go back !

train: if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
pred: if you 're into different flavors , then this into sports games like you .

train: i love their star design collection .
pred: it was a better their star design of this product .

train: i love their fresh juices as well .
pred: they taste their clippers well .

train: definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
pred: the last straw if you have the last straw phoenix area .

train: oj and jeremy did a great job !
pred: oj and jeremy did a quality is terrible and

train: tires , alignment , brakes and more .
pred: tires , alignment , brakes and more .

train: it was very good to !
pred: it was , i was really happy i was very disappointed with the

train: staff : very cute and friendly .
pred: staff : very cute is not only not helpful .

train: love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
pred: i love hot tea in the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .

train: their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .
pred: their enchilada sauce friends complemented complemented this friends complemented .

train: beautiful decoration and great service .
pred: beautiful decoration it can be just like service .

train: very pleased with service and quality of work .
pred: i am very disappointed with cuisinart s quality and service pleased with the seller and work .

train: one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
pred: there was too much material for the places to go this used to be one of .

train: this place is super yummy !
pred: this place is super

train: they are spacious with modest decor .
pred: they are one year after with modest not worth the .

train: this is my go to neighborhood place .
pred: this this stuff to neighborhood place .

train: the people at sonora were very good to me .
pred: the they were not a good buy sonora people like it me .

train: the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .
pred: for a raised is a fun cat 7pm .

train: it was well worth it .
pred: it was great because it .

train: oh sushi kee , how i love thee !
pred: oh stuck with kee stuck with thee !

train: she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .
pred: she gave us a drinks full and gave num_extend based on other s recommendations recommendations .

train: loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
pred: loved i bought these boots for i had the jalapeo ranch i bought these boots for it was really tasty .

train: great kebab dishes and good service .
pred: s not good for washing all kebab service was great but product not good service .

train: i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !
pred: i got it s a shame because breakfast sandwich

train: the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
pred: use and very friendly the company i staff was very friendly .

train: pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !
pred: pool this pool drinks barely distinguishable from fun night out !

train: it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
pred: it 's sure you only use it at they make you feel right the first time .

train: i will be going back and enjoying this great place !
pred: i will be going back and i will be going back

train: the drinks were affordable and a good pour .
pred: i bought these treats because they sounded good and were fan of carbonated a good pour .

train: my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
pred: he destroyed it in about num_num and he loved how it works he loved it .

train: i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
pred: i signed february num_num and and save and have num_num bottles of this stuff .

train: i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .
pred: i 'd to try them on them a try .

train: i highly recommend e & m painting .
pred: to do with it e & m painting .

train: otherwise a great experience and we will go again .
pred: otherwise will go to waste experience and we will fun game .

train: good drinks , and good company .
pred: good just not for me fan of carbonated company .

train: oh i got my band geek back on now !
pred: oh i got my band for a week now , and it s going back on it s going back

train: i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
pred: it was not as comfortable for and she made me very nervous to use this welcome .

train: great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .
pred: price up recommendations num_extend based on other s recommendations were both great .

train: everything is fresh and so delicious !
pred: everything is i even tried it once and

train: the biscuits and gravy were good .
pred: the reviews were good .

train: i actually can wait to come back next year !
pred: i actually but the bags come come back it to come out

train: they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
pred: they were $ each , they are reasonably , kind , have been very helpful and quick .

train: god i love pei wei .
pred: god of god pei wei .

train: friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
pred: friendly folks , delicious authentic game modes tasty game modes .

train: you 'll see why once you get there .
pred: you 'll see why i d want one .

train: everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
pred: the lady i spoke with could not hear me .

train: the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .
pred: my husband and i like the other type that makes four large rolls a variety pack .

train: and every experience has been a positive one .
pred: and every experience has every time i had .

train: steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
pred: steve was professional and and your great unit to and your great .

train: this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .
pred: this golf club is one of , maybe that s the reason opinion .

train: excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !
pred: the knowledgeable review written by m by my dentist dentist and staff !

train: portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .
pred: they were not very flavorful are very generous and food is they were not very flavorful flavorful .

train: always fresh , fat , and delicious .
pred: always fresh when fresh , fresh , fresh and they taste so good .

train: these two women are professionals .
pred: these two women are professionals .

train: the most important thing , of course , is the food .
pred: this food is like the junk food of course , he wanted for .

train: we were both so impressed .
pred: we were both were not pleased with the taste .

train: very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
pred: very i was , was impressed with this product .

train: the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .
pred: the menu the weapon healthy , quit that menu , open a different menu , equip the weapon .

train: she was spot on as they were delicious .
pred: she is nutritious as a from spot num_num to spot .

train: i love this place , the service is always great !
pred: amazon was great place , the service

train: perfect spot to shop for gift !
pred: i m going to make a gift of these to a large friend and shop for a from spot num_num to spot

train: a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .
pred: nice , this is not it stop if you want nice things at nice , this is not it .

train: the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .
pred: the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats atmosphere and very little else .

train: their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
pred: their front line to use the ones from petsmart cheaper than petsmart !

train: this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
pred: the cats where still the customer comes first had worked treated right .

train: i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
pred: for a box of for a box of right off of scottsdale road .

train: their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
pred: their grass is grass is had as well as their ranch !

train: i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .
pred: i 'm so happy the slim fast go back not happy services .

train: seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
pred: thai kitchen compared to every other thai place .

train: she did the most amazing job .
pred: this is the most part , she was satisfied with it .

train: really enjoyed the beautiful range .
pred: really enjoyed enjoyed the taste of this product range .

train: they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
pred: they very limited and the knowledgeable review written by m knowledgeable staff .

train: definitely a place to keep in mind .
pred: definitely a this is not what i had in mind .

train: great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
pred: there are better out , grab a meal and a few not a meal !

train: the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .
pred: the lunch and destroyed this either for lunch or dinner good as well .

train: charlie was clean neat and professional .
pred: charlie was charlie s did a better job on the soap scum .

train: the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .
pred: the box for me are awesome and the lunch special they have these are nothing .

train: i will definitely return often !
pred: i cannot return

train: they have delicious soups everyday .
pred: they have delicious these everyday and hate them everyday translate .

train: nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .
pred: prompt , free return service people would not recommend and clearly expert .

train: produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .
pred: produce your money and just buy great selection of organic produce .

train: the food here is delicious .
pred: i even tried it once and here .

train: first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
pred: first time i came in wanted something better in a phone i ordered this it never came .

train: certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
pred: them are not performing as expected going to a gamecube center event .

train: this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .
pred: this place wasabi root , the original japanese sushi and sashimi for years .

train: even in summer , they have decent patronage .
pred: even scents to them they have decent patronage .

train: you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
pred: you will be helped by all of their friendly read these read these knowledge !

train: i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
pred: i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some playing with it playing with it food .

train: came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .
pred: came here to get was a bad and that $ here , it works yet .

train: they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
pred: they of weapons and the combos , combos to choose from .

train: they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
pred: they were , very few unpopped look greasy .

train: great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
pred: great selection the shoe for you items in the manual pasta roller that makes great .

train: overall really good quality food and service .
pred: overall service was great but product not food of this oven is not good .

train: everyone was extremely nice and professional .
pred: everyone was not suggest professional .

train: i got the tamale sampler .
pred: i got the tamale sampler .

train: also matt was super cool and helpful .
pred: also but it was not helpful was super itself doesn t .

train: cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .
pred: cleaned my plate of food .

train: and again , the food is incredibly delicious !
pred: and again , the food again and again and again

train: but it is definitely worth the wait .
pred: but it is and my hair wait .

train: grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .
pred: grimaldi 's is the most consistently when i used this when i used this in arizona .

train: nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .
pred: nothing it did absolutely nothing i must say their customer service time i come here .

train: great service by the staff .
pred: i avoided application headaches by the staff .

train: i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
pred: i also get too sweet here too sweet sweet tooth .

train: i always have a great dish here to eat .
pred: would not recommend this great of this stuff i have here to eat .

train: this is by far my favorite pizza .
pred: this is by made some perfect pizza and bread by far my least favorite .

train: the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
pred: the bartender was super friendly a younger help us especially with the and occasionally have .

train: service was great as they continued to check on our table .
pred: service was i continued to use continued to check amazon was great .

train: thank you ladies for being awesome !
pred: ladies for being ladies , this num_num is the

train: awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
pred: if this stuff really these guys really be a lot .

train: a great museum to visit .
pred: i ve seen this at several museum to visit .

train: nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
pred: nice for me to go and work did not work for me

train: okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .
pred: okay at this price to get at tastings and it was okay , not .

train: our waitress was the best , very accommodating .
pred: truly disappointed waitress was the fabric is accommodating .

train: while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
pred: while the menu but truly does offer is truly first-rate .

train: its not cheap but you get good value here .
pred: so , really i know it was here .

train: nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
pred: nice menu , , great service - for both dinner and the weapon

train: good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .
pred: good between the two wings wings on tuesdays .

train: the place was busy but the service was excellent !
pred: the place was busy but the service was busy

train: tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
pred: tonight though i ordered to go want to write my experience tonight , i could not get the food off of the pan .

train: this place has some great food .
pred: this so put some some good reviews and that s why i purchased it in the first place .

train: the two gentle men up front are always so kind .
pred: the two gentle men up front , this stuff is kind .

train: the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
pred: other than that , the quality of the product is great , the fish top notch , that , the quality just excellent .

train: i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
pred: it was sent place it was sent actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .

train: and the seafood enchiladas were great !
pred: and the seafood good about all

train: the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
pred: you could probably make definitely eat them and i could probably eat it all day .

train: the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
pred: the they taste were huge , the food came are really small for the price .

train: a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
pred: a bit on the noisy on high speed it is also the fresh on high speed it is also .

train: ambiance and setting were superb .
pred: , i thought they were and setting were as the high setting .

train: pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !
pred: edge perfection that was fast , and fast !

train: our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .
pred: our bartender erik and occasionally have to open that bottle of wine or two a shift .

train: everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .
pred: everyone care to be there but not for me and friendly .

train: i love the cornbread appetizer .
pred: jiffy cornbread is quite possibly the familiar with edamame , it appetizer .

train: ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !
pred: ordered the huevos rancheros relaxed fit !

train: the customer service in this location is great !
pred: the could be good or this location amazon customer service is

train: the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .
pred: the firecracker my dog loves duck is also always my dog loves .

train: service was wonderful to match !
pred: service was the most frustrating match !

train: the service is friendly and attentive .
pred: ok maybe i should have been more attentive to the details but this comb is friendly and the company i .

train: great food and awesome service !
pred: is that amazon customer service is and product but great customer service service !

train: this place still kicks ass .
pred: this place still fits and still holds the battery in place .

train: biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .
pred: just too much gravy my dogs love these breakfast item too .

train: always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
pred: storyline rest of the game was great with the owner and the rest of the team .

train: well worth searching out this gem .
pred: like a gem the first time out i am still searching for the .

train: my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
pred: grapple enjoyed our 3rd husband he really enjoyed here .

train: this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
pred: this is a golf course that golf game on the first golf game on the num_num and it shows .

train: plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
pred: plus my used them mainly flights were delish used them mainly

train: pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !
pred: it s not that i don t like the cheese it taste good , are delicious !

train: the bbq salmon was good .
pred: it must be salmon was good .

train: the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
pred: the best part of far the best game out so dinner by far was sweet then while pecan pie .

train: even their steamed veggies are amazing .
pred: even their made it right instead of this .

train: this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
pred: this place this for the looks , go go if you 're this for the looks , go !

train: excellent combination of flavors , very unique .
pred: unfortunately the combination of flavors is just okay .

train: they loved the rock climb .
pred: when you climb the rock climb .

train: super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
pred: the chain is tasty and a this chain chain sub joints .

train: by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
pred: the shop in this condition far the best game out so auto shop .

train: so happy with my decision to go here .
pred: but i am very disappointed with my decision to go here .

train: it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .
pred: it was pretty the graphics are only good on played good music aren t very good , but .

train: very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
pred: very throwback atmosphere , a throwback of a game vintage , a throwback of a game .

train: sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
pred: sit at the bar the bar is almost worse than no bar at all .

train: the grounds are always very clean .
pred: it wasn t very clean and always excessive grounds in the coffee .

train: i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
pred: i i expected more i expected more stay at the camelback .

train: a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
pred: my wife loves shrimp and an enchilada .

train: they go above and beyond !
pred: they go above and go about num_extend above the ankle

train: i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
pred: i 've dumb times before buying their products .

train: the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
pred: the good news that my vision had improved made the visit that it s well .

train: it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .
pred: it did not do a thing little place to relax and get up in the night .

train: we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
pred: i know better than to buy items that are obviously cheap imports & american auto service i am done with poorly made .

train: the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
pred: the girls is not user friendly @ all really friendly , not pushy at all .

train: its quiet and nice people are here .
pred: its say that its short but people are here .

train: took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
pred: took home phoenix , az white phoenix , az since living here in az .

train: after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .
pred: after eating the gyro other gyro place kings still the gyro sauce .

train: service was great and food was even better .
pred: service was the graphics this one worked fine .

train: suzanne and her staff were excellent !
pred: suzanne and her staff were

train: all in all pretty good !
pred: the game is all pretty

train: fast , friendly and honest service .
pred: the company i it also made me honest service .

train: great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .
pred: most of the time you can t beat the price and you will never beat their service , great service , their catering can not that great of a product but great customer service .

train: i had the best pork belly here ever !
pred: jelly belly it just wasn t the best belly here ever !

train: you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
pred: they taste natural and the ingredients are ingredients are .

train: i 'll definitely go back here again .
pred: i 'll i imagine they back i would have definitely returned the game .

train: coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
pred: coupon or not , this place is what i thought was i bought this only .

train: this is the best seafood joint in town .
pred: joint and seafood for cats town .

train: keep up the amazing service !
pred: returned it to amazon up the you amazon for your great customer service !

train: every time i crave mexican food , i go here !
pred: every time i crave this is not even close to here this is not even close to

train: my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .
pred: my dr pepper ribs were my ribs .

train: everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
pred: everyone return process super annoying .

train: it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !
pred: it 's hot , cooked we kept is delicious !

train: travel all around the world and know indian food well .
pred: love indian all around the world and know indian food .

train: very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
pred: involved , location involved , volleyball tournaments !

train: , to name a few shows we have seen here .
pred: here are not what you get few shows your characters .

train: enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
pred: enjoy taking , these were not the always m not taking a risk with sea food .

train: friendly owners and staff and delicious food !
pred: friendly owners and staff is not only not helpful !

train: they will even deliver to the school !
pred: they it doesn t deliver deliver to the

train: ron is still the greatest .
pred: ron just a waste of money the so called guarantee .

train: family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
pred: i do mean a little owned little and i mean little i do mean a little absolutely amazing food .

train: decent selection of meats and cheeses .
pred: decent selection do it for me .

train: had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .
pred: had the normal gyro not at all their sauce ... not at all .

train: i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
pred: i just had had similar experiences the best belts i ve ever experiences i 've ever had .

train: best green corn tamales around .
pred: this food is primarily corn green corn this food is primarily corn around .

train: everything they serve there is wonderful .
pred: everything i played this demo there are better toys out there that serve the same purpose .

train: fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
pred: fun to watch much more fun rush hour .

train: place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
pred: place was priced and arrived on kept , drinks were and shadow .

train: the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
pred: the employees always businesses and my dog , businesses .

train: we love to come as a family .
pred: num_extend but not for a come as come to expect more from you .

train: they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
pred: they also found very hard to i thought i found .

train: very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
pred: long an relatively informative hospitable long an relatively informative and informative .

train: it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
pred: it 's for a box of of scottsdale and was really accommodating .

train: but it 's worth seeking out .
pred: but it 's worth seeking out .

train: super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
pred: super friendly staff you want a super food , service and amazing and ! they were quick and helpful food done right !

train: great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
pred: ! they were quick and helpful associates there are all and the products are well friendly and helpful !

train: and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !
pred: hat hat favorite , the top hat sundae !

train: great prices , great selection .
pred: do it for me do it for me selection .

train: very good food and service !
pred: i m used to food play food !

train: this is the best yarn store in the metro area .
pred: it was better to just make it with yarn .

train: great lunch specials and awesome staff .
pred: num_extend had its way of not telling you all the specials not telling you staff .

train: and have enjoyed every last bite .
pred: s back to one bite and bite .

